CubeADCS - Commissioning Manual [V3.06]: This document describes the activities related to the commissioning of a CubeSpace ADCS module in flight.

CubeADCS - Health Check  [V3.15]: This document will provide the instructions and results of the health check of the CubeADCS unit. The instructions provided must be followed exactly and the observed results must be indicated as is.

CubeADCS - ICD [V3.08]: This document describes the characteristics of the CubeADCS unit as well as the mechanical and electrical interfaces to the bundle. CubeADCS units can be configured with different sensor and actuators for different mission requirements. This document covers all ADCS configurations and readers are to use their discretion in determining which parts are relevant to their various bundle configurations.

CubeADCS - Option Sheet (Y-Momentum) [V3.02]_TGT: This document include the complete ADCS solution for Y-momentum control. A momentum wheel (in various sizes) is included in the solution and can be mounted either on the bundle or separately from the bundle, depending on the size of the wheel. CubeSpace’s fine sun and nadir sensor module, CubeSense, can also be added to the solution if more accurate attitude control is required.

CubeADCS - Reference Manual [V3.10]: This document serves as source of information to refer to when using the User Manual, Commissioning Manual, and other CubeADCS documentation. The document contains complete listings of TCs and TLMs, communications examples, and other reference examples to assist in designing a system which will interface with the ADCS.

CubeADCS - User Manual [V3.07]: This document provide the user with instructions of completing the initial setup of the CubeADCS unit for the health check, instructions for connecting the unit to an OBC, a guide to mounting sensors inside a satellite and calculating mounting transforms, a functional description of the control modes that the CubeADCS unit is capable of executing, general usage instructions for all major functionality, and an overview of the hardware included in this bundle and their performance.